fix!: remove `utils.parse_token` (#990)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/990.misc.rst

> Remove :func:`disnake.utils.parse_token` (previously undocumented), which has been broken for newer tokens for some time, and was based on unofficial information about the token structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove :func:`disnake.utils.parse_token` (never documented), which has been broken for newer tokens for some time, and was based on unofficial information about the token structure.
```
something along these lines
